Sp docs review (#2055)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/storage-provider/filecoin-deals/storage-deals/index.md

Data preparation, which includes packaging files into size appropriate CAR files, is either done by a separate Data Preparer actor, or by storage providers acting as Data Preparers. The latter option is common for new storage providers, as they normally only have a few files that need preparation.

> Data preparation can be done in various ways, depending on the use-case. We give 3 valuable sources of information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data preparation can be done in various ways, depending on your use-case. Here are some valuable sources of information:
```
